Meeting Minutes June 18th 2018

## W3C Process Update

The work not yet established. NOt enough people supported the WG . Will have a blog post about what we are trying to achieve here. Alois working on a blog post to describe the concept in detail. 

## Implementation progress

Sergey thinking of implementing for Azure functions and AppInsights. Discussion wiht Christian from Dynatrace to also show interoperability. Have a prototype will allow testing interoperability and that the spec is working. Most likely can show something next meeting.

Morgan starting implementation in OpenCensus implemenations. Will continue once Bogdan is back from holidays.

Ted says Lightstep is still working for a more stable version. Also Envoy is considering but waiting for a more stable version. 

sergey: We are still at experimentation level. Production implementations should wait for CR state. Let us focus on prototypes right now. We also need to adjust [milestones](https://github.com/w3c/distributed-tracing/milestones?direction=asc&sort=due_date&state=open)  to represent new timeline. 

[Issue around versioning](https://github.com/w3c/distributed-tracing/issues/54). Do we create a version now, which we increment as me make changes. This is currently holding people back from implementations. Just having version 0 for now is not enough. We need to define how we handle multiple experimental versions before. Not every PR will be a seperate version. We will define fixed version. 


## Correlation context

Sergey to bring up we should move forward with Correlation context. Morgan and Ted want to participate. We need to reviit the former baggage concept. Can we have a first version of the use cases we want solve to bring everyone on the same page. 

##  Next meetings - TPAC, Implementors Workshop

* Implementation workshop Aug 7th and 8th in Seattle. Detailed location to be defined between Sergey and Morgan.
* TPAC will be end of October so we will need a meeting earlier. 
* KubeCon is then the next potential meeting in the week of December 11th. 

## Interest in support MQTT

Sergey to come up with an idea how to support MQTT and propose we can transport context information




